!addjoke Have you heard about the writer polar bear? He was waiting for a seal of approval.
!addjoke Why was the polar bear so silent? His lips were seal-ed.
!addjoke Where do polar bears deposit their money? In snowbanks.
!addjoke What did the baby polar bear say to the stranger? I bear-ly know you.
!addjoke Why are polar bears so popular at parties? They can easily break the ice.
!addjoke What are polar bears called who are standing on a thin sheet of ice? Ice breakers.
!addjoke Why was the polar bear feeling sad? He was home alone and ice-olated.
!addjoke Which type of bear are polar bears most scared off? Bear Grylls.
!addjoke What did the polar bear say to his best friend? "It's snow much fun when you are around."
!addjoke Where do polar bears go for dancing? To the snow ball.
!addjoke What is a polar bear's favorite cake? Blue-beary muffins.
!addjoke Who is a polar bear's favorite playwright? Shakes-bear.
!addjoke Did you hear about the polar bear who got caught in the heavy rain? He is a drizzly bear now.
!addjoke How does a polar bear stop a television show? By pressing the paws button.
!addjoke Did you hear about the polar bear who loves skating? They call him the roller bear.
!addjoke What is a polar bear's favorite kind of fast food? Polar bears like to eat iceberg-ers.
!addjoke Did you hear about the polar bear who enjoys target sports? They call him the bowler bear.
!addjoke Why do polar bears have thick, white coats? Fur protection.
!addjoke What is polar bears' favorite kind of beverage? A frost-tea.
!addjoke What kind of currency polar bears use? Cold cash.
!addjoke What's a polar bear scientist's favorite element? It's bear-ium.
!addjoke Why doesn't the polar bear go on holiday? It prefers hi-bear-nation.
!addjoke The polar bear was feeling em-bear-assed because he slipped on the ice.
!addjoke What would you call a polar bear who is afraid of confined, small spaces? Claw-strophobic.
!addjoke What do you get when you cross a polar bear and a seal? A happy bear and a pile of bones.
!addjoke Have you heard about the happy polar bear? He was feeling very paw-sitive.
!addjoke Why did the polar bears call the barber? To shave their bear-ds.
!addjoke Why don't polar bears like wearing shoes? They love walking bear foot.
